[Rust] Add a P2P handshake challenge (#14)
eqlabs/recruitment-exercises: node-handshake.md

# P2P node handshake

_Spec v1 (2022-10-05)_

> Pick a publicly available P2P node (e.g. a blockchain one) implementation - which itself doesn't need to be written in Rust - and write a [network handshake](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Handshaking) for it in Rust, and instructions on how to test it.

Reviewer: > (e.g. a blockchain one)

Is handshake with any other P2P-based solution ok as well? Like some file sharing network client? Or should this be instead:

```suggestion
Pick a publicly available P2P node (more specifically: a blockchain one) implementation - which itself doesn't need to be written in Rust - and write a [network handshake](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Handshaking) for it in Rust, and instructions on how to test it.
```

Author: I think it could be any P2P node, actually, as we're not interested in the blockchain logic specifically - just P2P capabilities.

Author: Example: https://ssbc.github.io/scuttlebutt-protocol-guide/#handshake.

Author: Or https://spec.matrix.org/v1.4/server-server-api/#joining-rooms.

Reviewer 2: Was about to mention Matrix 😄
